Add info about compatibility issues with Connector/J 8.0 with TiDB v7.5 (#15794)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-choose-driver-or-orm.md

You can follow the [MySQL documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-j/en/) to download and configure a Java JDBC driver. It is recommended to use MySQL Connector/J 8.0.33 or later with TiDB v6.3.0 and newer.

> **Note:**
>
> - There is a [bug](https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=106252) in the Connector/J 8.0 versions before 8.0.32, which might cause threads to hang when using TiDB versions earlier than v6.3.0. To avoid this issue, it is recommended that you use either MySQL Connector/J 8.0.32 or a later version, or the TiDB JDBC (see the *TiDB-JDBC* tab).

> > - When using MySQL Connector/J 8.0 with TiDB v7.5.0, it is recommended to set the TiDB configuration item [`server-version`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/tidb-configuration-file#server-version) to `"5.7.25-TiDB-v7.5.0"`. MySQL Connector/J attempts to access the `information_schema.KEYWORDS` table if the TiDB server reports a version of MySQL 8.0.11 or later. However, this table is not present in TiDB v7.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - When you are using MySQL Connector/J 8.0 with TiDB v7.5.0, it is recommended to set the TiDB configuration item [`server-version`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.5/tidb-configuration-file#server-version) to `"5.7.25-TiDB-v7.5.0"`. MySQL Connector/J attempts to access the `information_schema.KEYWORDS` table if the TiDB server reports a version of MySQL 8.0.11 or later. However, this table is not present in TiDB v7.5.0.
```

> 

Reviewer: @dveeden, please help confirm whether https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/48807 will be cherry-picked to v7.5.  If yes, the above change looks okay because the issue will be fixed for v7.5.1.

Author: It is currently not clear if this will be backported or not. I'm discussing this with various people.

Reviewer: Got it. If it is not backported in v7.5.1, we'll also need to include v7.5.1 in this note when v7.5.1 is published.

>

> > There is a [bug](https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=106252) in the Connector/J 8.0 versions before 8.0.32, which might cause threads to hang when using TiDB versions earlier than v6.3.0. To avoid this issue, it is recommended that you use either MySQL Connector/J 8.0.32 or a later version, or the TiDB JDBC (see the *TiDB-JDBC* tab).
> 
> > **Note:**
> >
> > When using MySQL Connector/J 8.0 with TiDB v7.5.0 it is recommended to set [`server-version`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-version) in the configuration file for TiDB to "5.7.25-TiDB-v7.5.0" as MySQL Connector/J tries to use the `information_schema.KEYWORDS` table if the server announces a MySQL version that is 8.0.11 or newer and this table isn't present in TiDB v7.5.0. This is not needed with TiDB v7.6.0 and newer as that version comes with an `information_schema.KEYWORDS` table. This is also not needed with TiDB v7.4.0 and earlier as those versions identify themselves as MySQL 5.7.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - There is a [bug](https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=106252) in the Connector/J 8.0 versions before 8.0.32, which might cause threads to hang when using TiDB versions earlier than v6.3.0. To avoid this issue, it is recommended that you use either MySQL Connector/J 8.0.32 or a later version, or the TiDB JDBC (see the *TiDB-JDBC* tab).
> - When using MySQL Connector/J 8.0 with TiDB v7.5.0, it is recommended to set the TiDB configuration item [`server-version`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-version) to `"5.7.25-TiDB-v7.5.0"`. MySQL Connector/J attempts to access the `information_schema.KEYWORDS` table if the TiDB server reports a version of MySQL 8.0.11 or later. However, this table is not present in TiDB v7.5.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Simplify the description to focus only on the affected TiDB version (v7.5.0). Remove references to past and future releases, as the issue is specifically about compatibility with Connector/J 8.0 and TiDB v7.5.0.
